clarify rarity level (#376)
decentraland/documentation: _posts/general/2020-11-14-hardware-acceleration.md

Since Decentraland runs in a web browser, you might need to configure your browser and/or operating system to have access to all of your machine's potential to run Decentraland as smoothly as possible.

> [image]

Reviewer: [image]

Author: Image is missing bc we still don't have the final version of the error message

> If you see this warning, it means that you are using a sub-optimal set up for rendering 3d graphics. Your experience when playing Decentraland might be laggy and unresponsive because of this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you see this warning, it means that you are running on integrated graphics (the GPU is your CPU), in consequence, you are not using a video card for rendering 3D graphics. If you computer has a dedicated graphics card, your experience can be way better, reducing the dropped frames and increasing smoothness.
```

Reviewer 2: >running on integrated graphics (the GPU is your CPU), in consequence, you are not using a video card for rendering 3D graphics.

@menduz the message is shown when the user is on any Intel GPU, not when the user is on software mode.

Author: I think that at this point in the doc we shouldn't assume any kind of knowledge about hardware, it should be for absolute newbies. Even the terms CPU and GPU I think are too much for the kind of reader this is targeted to. I then go into details in the next section, but people can skip reading that if they want to go straight to the solution steps

The browser exposes settings to enable or disable the use of the _dedicated_ graphics card, but you may also need to change settings on your operating system to make this option truly available to the browser.

## Browser configuration

In Chrome or Brave:

- Open the _three dots menu_, select _Settings_
- Open _Advanced_ > _System_ (or directly search for "hardware")
- Tick _Use hardware acceleration when available_
- Restart the browser

<figure>
    <img src="/images/media/chrome.png" alt="Chrome hardware settings" width="400"/>
</figure>

_On other browsers, the steps may vary slightly, but should be essentially the same._

> Note: If you keep seeing the warning message in Decentraland, you may also need to set up your operating system to allow the browser to access this hardware.

## Operating System configuration

### Mac

To set up hardware acceleration:

- Open _System Preferences_
- Open **Battery**

> - Uncheck the box for _Automatic graphics switching_. This will keep the _dedicated_ graphics card always in use when applicable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Uncheck the box for _Automatic graphics switching_. This will keep the _dedicated_ graphics card always in use when applicable. Remember: use your Mac plugged to the charger to enable  high performance graphics.
```

Author: Keeping the Mac always plugged is in reality an alternative to unticking this box, right?
What I understand is that you can either untick this box to always use the dedicated card OR you can just make sure you always have your Mac plugged.

If so, then we should communicate this, but not as a part of that step, but rather as a note before this set of steps.
